OADP-2736: Restoring to a different cluster with OADP with STS enabled ROSA (#67339)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oadp-installing-oadp-rosa-sts.adoc

.Prerequisites

> * A ROSA OpenShift Cluster with the required access and tokens. For instructions, see the procedure in _Preparing AWS credentials_. If you plan to use two different clusters for backing up and restoring, you need to prepare AWS credentials (including `ROLE_ARN`) for each cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A ROSA OpenShift Cluster with the required access and tokens. For instructions, see the procedure in "Preparing AWS credentials". If you plan to use two different clusters for backing up and restoring, you need to prepare AWS credentials, including `ROLE_ARN`, for each cluster.
```

Use quotation marks for citations per IBM style guide: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=punctuation-quotation-marks#double-quotation-marks

Do not use parentheses in general text, per IBM SG: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=punctuation-parentheses

Author: @abrennan89 
Done

> * A ROSA OpenShift Cluster with the required access and tokens. For instructions, see the procedure in _Preparing AWS credentials_. If you plan to use two different clusters for backing up and restoring, you need to prepare AWS credentials (including `ROLE_ARN`) for each cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A {openshift-rosa} cluster with the required access and tokens. For instructions, see the procedure in _Preparing AWS credentials_. If you plan to use two different clusters for backing up and restoring, you need to prepare AWS credentials (including `ROLE_ARN`) for each cluster.
```

Where possible, use attributes for product names per https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#product-title-and-version

Author: @abrennan89 
Done

EOF
----

> . Create the `DataProtectionApplication` resource, which is used to configure the connection to the storage where the backups and volume snapshots will be stored:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Create the `DataProtectionApplication` resource, which is used to configure the connection to the storage where the backups and volume snapshots are stored:
```
Use present tense per https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=grammar-verbs#tense

Author: @abrennan89 
Done

      defaultPlugins:
      - openshift
      - aws
    nodeAgent: <1>
      enable: false
      uploaderType: restic
  snapshotLocations:
    - velero:
        config:
          credentialsFile: /tmp/credentials/openshift-adp/cloud-credentials-credentials <2>
          enableSharedConfig: "true" <3>
          profile: default <4>
          region: ${REGION} <5>
        provider: aws

> EOF
> ----
> 
> <1> If you are using OADP 1.2, replace this configuration:
> +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
EOF
----
<1> If you are using OADP 1.2, replace this configuration:
+
```
Indentation looks slightly off here for the callouts, maybe because there's a line space here

> <2> The `credentialsFile` fieldis the mounted location of the bucket credential on the pod.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<2> The `credentialsFile` field is the mounted location of the bucket credential on the pod.
```

> <4> Assume your Velero default for your `profile: default`.

Reviewer 2: Assume?

----
nodeAgent:
  enable: false
  uploaderType: restic
----
+
with the following:
+
[source,terminal]
----
restic:
  enable: false
----
+

> <2> The `credentialsFile` is the mounted location of the bucket credential on the pod.
> <3> The `enableSharedConfig` allows the `snapshotLocations` to share or reuse the credential defined for the bucket.

Reviewer: Use "object", "resource", "custom resource", "spec", etc. as appropriate after the object reference. This helps with clarity and readability. See https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#object-references

```suggestion
<2> The `credentialsFile` field is the mounted location of the bucket credential on the pod.
<3> The `enableSharedConfig` field allows the `snapshotLocations` to share or reuse the credential defined for the bucket.
```

Author: @abrennan89 
Done

with the following:

[source,terminal]
----
restic:
  enable: false
----
====

[NOTE]
====

> If you want to use two different clusters for backing up and restoring, the two clusters must have identical AWS S3 storage name in both the cloudstorage CR and the OADP `DataProtectionApplication` configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to use two different clusters for backing up and restoring, the two clusters must have identical AWS S3 storage names in both the cloudstorage CR and the OADP `DataProtectionApplication` configuration.
```
or 
```suggestion
If you want to use two different clusters for backing up and restoring, the two clusters must have the identical AWS S3 storage name in both the cloudstorage CR and the OADP `DataProtectionApplication` configuration.
```

> The `enable` parameter of `restic` is set to `false` in this configuration because OADP does not support Restic in ROSA environments.

Reviewer 3: The DPA block:
```
restic:
    enable: false
```
Is deprecated in OADP 1.3, we now use:
```
spec:  
  configuration:    
    nodeAgent:
      enable: true
      uploaderType: restic
```

Reviewer 3: @sbeskin-redhat 
You added the "spec" twice, please remove.
You already have the spec define above.

Author: @sbahar619 
Done

Reviewer 4: @sbeskin-redhat @sbahar619 I think we need to modify it a little bit as OADP 1.2 only has dpa.spec.configuration.restic field. As long as OADP 1.2 is supported we should not modify it. We can mention in point that if you are using OADP 1.3 then set NodeAgent.enable to false

Author: @PrasadJoshi12 @sbahar619 
Please take a look now.
